A shepherd was herding his flock in a remote pasture when suddenly a
brand-new BMW advanced out of the dust cloud towards him. The driver, a
young man in a Broni suit, Gucci shoes, Ray Ban sunglasses and YSL tie,
leaned out the window and asked the shepherd... "If I tell you exactly how
many sheep you have in your flock, will you give me one?" The shepherd
looked at the man, obviously a yuppie, then looked at his peacefully
grazing flock and calmly answered "sure".
The yuppie parked his car, whipped out his IBM ThinkPad and connected it
to a cell phone, then he surfed to a NASA page on the internet where he
called up a GPS satellite navigation system, scanned the area, and then
opened up a database and an Excel spreadsheet with complex formulas. He
sent an email on his Blackberry and, after a few minutes, received a
response. Finally, he prints out a 130-page report on his miniaturized
printer then turns to the shepherd and says, "You have exactly 1586 sheep.
"That is correct; take one of the sheep." said the shepherd. He watches
the young man select one of the animals and bundle it into his car.
Then the shepherd says: "If I can tell you exactly what your business is,
will you give me back my animal?", "OK, why not." answered the young man.
"Clearly, you are a consultant." said the shepherd. "That's correct." says
the yuppie, "but how did you guess that?" "No guessing required." answers
the shepherd. "You turned up here although nobody called you. You want to
get paid for an answer I already knew, to a question I never asked, and
you don't know crap about my business...... Now give me back my dog.”


This is a communal kitchen, this means that there is one single table where about 10-12 people share a 10 course dinner.


Dude you're son is the luckiest kid alive, when I was a kid I had to find golf balls in the woods/water to use to practice at the course, in your freaking backyard you have a PUTTING GREEN, ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!! Can I live with you?﻿


Your scissors should always feel comfortable in your hand that way you'll minimise hand fatigue and the chance of developing RSI or carpal tunnel syndrome.


Absurd comment. Instead of condemning violence you're saying "be respectful". So if someone isn't respectful, you think hacking them to death is acceptable? Which is worse?﻿


A zesty palate full of flavour of limes and citrus with a tingle on the tongue.


Shimano XT rear derailleur on a mountain bike


The interior boasts luxury accents including sanded silver aluminum inlays, white instrumentation lighting and a leather strap on the tailgate.
